formatting fix (#102)
MetaFam/metagame-wiki: docs/handbook/how-to-become-a-player.md

> Well alright! Let's get you geared up! :cowboy_hat_face:

Reviewer: This cowboy hat face isn't actually rendering as an emoji
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7143583/85641406-b729e500-b64b-11ea-94e9-33f60849f3da.png)

First thing to know here is that MetaGame is a *choose-your-own-adventure* game. 

> The quests below are the **easiest way for you to join, contribute & earn some [XP](https://wiki.metagame.wtf/docs/handbook/xp)** - but completing them is not mandatory. You are free to go and start playing any of the open roles listed in the next article, or start contributing directly to one of [ongoing raids](https://wiki.metagame.wtf/docs/handbook/navigation-board) displayed on the battlefield.

Reviewer: You should use the filename directly instead of a link, that way it changes to that page instantly instead of loading the whole site again. 

```suggestion
The quests below are the **easiest way for you to join, contribute & earn some [XP](xp.mdx)** - but completing them is not mandatory. You are free to go and start playing any of the open roles listed in the next article, or start contributing directly to one of [ongoing raids](navigation-board.md) displayed on the battlefield.
```
